bluetooth: GATT DM discover many service instances by UUID (#6998)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* :ref:`gatt_dm_readme` library:

  * Fixed discovery of empty services.

>   * Added possibility to discovering many the same services instances using the UUID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added option to discover several service instances using the UUID.
```

Author: Done
